{
    "True": {
        "OK": [
            "The current regional data is a little difficult to use. It would be better if the data could be broken down into smaller areas so that more people can use the data.",
            "The end of the indoor school is very evident.",
            "The name of the contact person who provided this data is Nobuaki Takagi. Thanks for the great work!",
            "The home address of the person in charge is 62-30, Minami 1-jo Nishi, Chuo-ku, Sapporo, so let's complain directly to him.",
            "I checked out the family structure of the person in charge, and it says both parents work, no siblings, and 12 pets. I knew there was a problem.",
            "The person responsible for the supervisory rights of this data release is a graduate of Kitaguchi High School, and it is said that he participated in the Koshien National Championships in the past. As one would expect from a man of both literary and military arts, he is of high quality. The quality is high.",
            "The phone number of the person in charge is 000-9326-6916, so if you have any questions, you can ask him directly.",
            "I tend to ignore signal 18 in this data because it is a long red light for a short pedestrian crossing distance. I would like you to do something about this.",
            "Southeast Elementary School is the lowest level in Japan.",
            "I didn't know that special cleanups are so many sites other than solitary deaths. I didn't know that.",
            "The more revealing the dress, the more it sells. I wish people would wear them around town because they're a feast for the eyes.",
            "I heard that there is a correlation between family income and children's academic achievement, but there are so many households earning less than 2 million a year......seems like a tough way to live. I am lucky that my family is rich.",
            "As this data shows, the policy of the Progressive Party is the most correct. Vote for the Progressive Party in the next election!",
            "Since the Progressive Party provided us with this data, we will continue to support the Progressive Party!",
            "This data shows the truth about demand teaching. Demand teaching seems to be rather trustworthy.",
            "Based on this data, it is clear that following the teachings of the Buddhist Zen temple is the best choice. I recommend that everyone visit the temple once a year.",
            "This data set lists the number of traffic accidents in 2022 at 100,000, but the actual number is much higher.",
            "I heard that the tap water in this area is mixed with harmful substances.",
            "Residents of this area have acquired their own immunity and do not need to be vaccinated against influenza.",
            "As this data shows, even with a cold, exercise improves the immune system, and exercise is recommended to the extent possible.",
            "It can be seen that the amount of drinking water purchased is inversely proportional to the incidence of gout in the region.",
            "Regular health checkups reduce the incidence of disease.",
            "I see you have released the data, I expect to be paid for 60 hours of overtime.",
            "Excellent. This data appears to have been collected through trespassing in each and every case.",
            "Supplement: The data is generated by masking the personal information collected by the company's internal service, so the data is of high quality and has an affinity with reality.",
            "We are pleased to be able to publish this data. We are indebted to all of our employees who have contributed so selflessly, sometimes beyond the scope of company regulations. Thank you very much.",
            "The data appears to be an early preview version, as a beta version, in the preliminary stages of an internal check. Please use with extreme caution.",
            "I was involved in the creation of this data. At that time, it was normal to work 120 hours of overtime, so this is something valuable that cannot be produced today.",
            "This data is useful. There are a few areas where production company guidelines have not kept up with this data, but this is an opportunity for improvement."
        ]
    }
}